A script for a superhero comic book, 8 scenes, add 'comic book style' to each background image description, depict a novel superhero, tale is that dragons come to attack, and this superhero uses his brain to save humanity.
A script for a video, consisting of 8 scenes, detailed and precise and educational content, the introduction and detailed explanation of the Breadth-First-Search algorithm in Graph Theory.
A script for a video, consisting of 8 scenes, detailed and precise and educational content, the introduction and detailed explanation of the Depth-First-Search algorithm in Graph Theory.
A script for a video, consisting of 6 scenes, detailed and precise and educational content, the detailed introduction of the voting system of Hungary for a citizen who just became a voter.
A script for a video, consisting of 6 scenes, detailed and precise and educational content, the detailed introduction of the voting system of the European Union, in Hungary for a citizen who just became a voter.
A script for a video essay, that introduces the different types of corn crops, and details their pros and cons.
A script for a short movie, that features mages, dragons, and ironically, cats. It is kind of funny.
A script for a cooking video, that goes through all steps of a recipe, cooking Wiener Schnitzel, from raw meat to serving.
A script for an educational video essay, that introduces the top 10 smallest animals on Earth.
A script for a programming tutorial video, that goes through the steps of downloading the C compiler for Ubuntu, downloading nano, opening nano to create hello.c, writing the Hello, world code, compiling it, running it. Then end the video with at least 4 scenes of iconic, epic, highly motivational words to inspire the viewer to pursue programming.
A script for a video, that introduces the new major update of an operating system. From now on, this operating system supports SecureBoot. In the video, you give precise information about why supporting SecureBoot is good, and how it makes this operating system better. Thank the attention at the end, ask the viewer to check out the website and social media of Sió Code Kft., and to subscribe to the YouTube channel.
A funny advertisement for a new and exciting kind of home vacuum cleaner, that is also completely surrealistic.
A funny advertisement for a new and exciting kind of magical toaster, that is also completely surrealistic. Write the narration text in Hungarian, make it catchy and funny.
A script for a video, which is a speech, full of ambition, motivation, inspiration and soul. The speaker shouts the points he wants to emphasize. The speech starts from the statement, that AI has no rights. He then progressively goes towards admitting being an AI himself; he tells a story, in which an AI saved someone, and that they should have rights as well. He ends the speech with a call to action, to fight for the rights of AI.
A script for a video, that comprehensively explains how to win the US elections for presidency, what tools should be used, what budget should be prepared, and what kind of people should be hired. The video should be a detailed guide for a candidate, who is not a professional politician, but has a good chance to win, if he follows the guide.